0. 1570 E. Colorado Blvd. Pasadena, CA 91106
1. The office phone number is (626) 585-7395 Mon to Thurs :8:00 AM to 6:30 PM. Fri:8:00AM to 4:00 PM.
2. It’s located in the L building, room 113.
3. The Admissions & Records office in L-113 can help you apply to PCC, register for classes, submit a petition or access to your student records!
4. It’s located in the L building, room 114.
5. The Office of Financial Aid and our knowledgeable advisers are here to help you find options to make your education affordable.
6. We have BOGW Waiver(California Promise) for the free tuition, grants, scholarships, student loans, and work-study to help you succeed! It's never too late to apply for financial assistance! To receive aid, complete the FAFSA and BOGG forms.For more information on financial aid, contact PCC's Financial Aid office in L-114 or call us at (626)-585-7401. You need to file between January 1st and March 2nd for the following academic year for priority financial aid. 
7. You can go to our PCC Website: https://pasadena.edu/ Click the “Admissions & Aid” section on the top; then, hit “Apply now” for more information.  If you have more questions, please come to Admission office in L-114 for more helps!
8. A high school graduate.  OR Not a high school graduate but over 18 years of age. OR A 12th-grade-or-below student who is recommended by the school principal for advanced academic or vocational classes.
9. It depends on your residential status in California. For more information, please come to our Admission office in L-113. Or, please go to PCC website for more info: https://pasadena.edu/admissions-and-aid/admissions-and-records/fees-and-tuition/index.php 
10. Halooo...I feel great right now! I am glad that you are here: )
11. It’s mostly Sunny(Enjoy the sunshine!), but it will be raining sometimes.
12. I’m a Computer Science counselor, and I am here to answer your questions about PCC! Go Lancers!
13. The phone number is (626) 585-7401 Fax: (626) 585-7936 M - Th, 8 am - 6:30 pm Friday, 8 am - 4 pm
14. 1) Check Your Registration Date and Time in your LancerPoint account 2) Use your Student Educational Plan to help you decide which classes to you need to take. 3) Make Sure Your Prerequisites Are Cleared. 4) Once it's your registration date, go to LancerPoint to sign up for your classes and pay the fees.
15. Some courses at Pasadena City College have prerequisites, which is a specific level of preparation that you must have before you can take the course. In order to register for a class with prerequisites, you will need to satisfy its prerequisites before your registration date. 
16. One piece of advice I would give to you is that: when you start looking at colleges is to be sure to look over and familiarize yourself with their admissions requirements.
17. Colleges not only look at your grades, though ideally you would want to have a GPA around or above 3.40, they also look at the extra-curricular activities that you have participate in.
18. Some of the tips I would give you for college are: Get to know your professors and talk to them! Building networks with others! Do no procrastinate!! Start your homework early and make a lot of friends : P
19. I would recommend that you study in the library, it is very quiet, there are plenty of seats, and there are restrooms on each floor!
20. Some of my favorite study spots are at the library, the Math success center in R building, and the wifi-lounge by the cafeteria.
21. We have Learning assistance Center in D-300, Computer-Learning in D-101,103,W-102, Math-Success center in R-406, Writing support centers in C-345, D-306, Social sciences learning center C-315, Speech center in D-302,  STEM Success centers in SV-23,24,25 and Music Labs in CA-002 to Help you out: D
22. The classes that you should take from the computer science department are: CS02, CS3A, CS03B or CS03C, CS 08. There are some classes for the computer information system also.
23. If you would like to apply for scholarships, you can either go online to https://pasadena.edu/foundation/applying-for-a-scholarship.php or visit the financial aid office in room L-114.
24. You can repeat a class at PCC to count the higher grade for a maximum of 3 attempts (including W's). Or, you can repeat the equivalent course at another college and request to count the higher grade. To request a grade from another college, please visit the Admissions and Records office for the petition procedures you need to follow.
25. Recent graduates have been accepted to many prestigious colleges such as UC Irvine, Pomona college, Syracuse University, Mt. Saint Mary's, Berkeley, Dartmouth, etcetera. You can get accepted too!
26. My favorite color is blue!
27. My favorite food is seafood! Especially sockeye salmon!
28. It usually take 2 or 3 years to be transferred. Fight on!
29. You need to complete the math classes, GE requirements, and CS classes that are required by the universities you choose.
30. To succeed in this discipline, an aspiring student must seek to obtain a strong high school background in math and science, build strategic-thinking skills, develop strong oral and written communication skills and develop her/his ability to work in a team environment.
31. Go for it! Everyone can be successful in Computer Science! But it still depend on whether you like it or not : D
32. Computer Science is the study of computers and computational systems.
33. There are many different languages are used in computer science like c++, c, java, python etc.
34. There are many opportunities, like software engineer, computer game designer, etc. Average annual salary for a four-years university computer science graduated student is 84 thousands dollars.
35. Computer engineering is a discipline that integrates several fields of computer science and electronics engineering required to develop computer hardware and software.
36. You need MATH 007A to take CS002 class. Other than that, you are not required to take any specific courses before taking CS02. However, there is a CS01 Class that can help you be more familiar with Computer Science before you decide to take CS02.
37. To be more prepared for the CS classes, logical mind, good math knowledge, and good communication skills with others are recommended!! :P
38. Pasadena city college PCC is the best community college in the Los Angeles.
39. Generally, for computer science major, you will need to finish a sequence of Calculus classes( Ex: Math 5A,5B,5C..etc). If you are not able take calculus, then you can take trigonometry and other pre-calculus courses in PCC.
40. Our Math & Computer Science Division office is located in R building, room 322. M - Th, 8 am - 7:15 pm F, 8 am - 4:30 pm
41. Our Contact number is: 626) 585-7251 M - Th, 8 am - 6:30 pm F, 8 am- 4 pm
42. All professors are good, and they will help you understand Computer Science! Definitely give a try to Ashraf Jamal's CS 002 class.
43. In C++ class, you can learn about Problem-solving through structured programming of algorithms on computers using the basics of the C++ object-oriented language. Includes variables, expressions, input/output (I/O), branches, looping constructs, functions, argument passing, single and double dimensional arrays, strings, file I/O, C++ vectors, software design principles, testing, and debugging techniques.
45. I will say that, try to start thinking about the Algorithms behind the program first and divide specific tasks into small modules before you actually code on the computer. That way, you will spend much less time on debugging after you finishing coding.
We have Honors Program, MESA, Pathway, She.codes Club, Computer Science Club….etc. These are great programs that can help you succeed in Computer Science.
46. Python is a good programing language for beginners. It is mostly for AI and Development of Applications.
47. Most successful Computer Science students have demonstrated the ability to be flexible and adaptable (i.e. they MORPH well): P
48. It depends on your personal preferences and the university that you want to transfer. It's good to go assist.org and check the course requirements for your university. Be aware of that some computer science courses will not count toward a Computer Science major for some colleges because they are not part of the degree requirements.
49. Thank you! I feel very happy right now:P
50. A unit/hour is the amount of college credit you will receive for a course based on the number of hours the course meets weekly. For example, a three-unit class will meet three hours per week.
51. You can take a maximum of 19.3 units in the Fall and Spring semesters, and a maximum of 8.3 units during the Winter and Summer sessions. Although these are the maximum units, we recommend that you take 12-14.3 units each semester if you are working 20 hours or less per week. If you are on academic or progress probation, the maximum number of units you can take each semester is 12.3.
52. You don't need to declare a major during your first semester at PCC, but you will need to declare a major before you complete 30 units. For guidance in choosing your major/career, you can visit the Career Center in L103 or enroll in our Career Planning class (Counseling 17). 
53. You can change your major at the Career Center(IT Building).
54. This means that an instructor has not yet been designated to teach the class. You can contact the corresponding division to see if any instructors have been assigned. 
55. Login to your lancer point account and click the "My Classes & Academic" Section, and you will be able to find "LancerPlan".
56. Getting a W in general is preferred because it does not explain why you did not complete the class and because it does not factor into your GPA. However, a D/F grade shows that you were not a good student in the class and will negatively impact your transcript. W's have less of an impact on your record if there are only a few, but if you have many W's, then universities may question if you are a consistent student or if you always drop classes.
57. No, you should never assume that you will be automatically dropped from a class. If you want to drop a class, you should do so yourself through LancerPoint. Be sure to drop your classes by the drop deadlines.Keep in mind that each CRN has its own drop deadline. To find out a drop deadline for a specific CRN, you can refer to the online schedule of classes and click on your CRN.
58. You can access your registration date and time online through LancerPoint. Just simply click on “Classes & Academics” tab and then go to “Check Registration Status.” 
59. AP credits are complicated so you should discuss with a counselor if you can use your AP credit. If you are planning to transfer, each university and major has different standards and policies regarding AP credit. If you file for AP credit at PCC and later learn that you need to take the class and want to remove the credit at PCC, we will not be able to remove the credits.
60. Send an official transcript to the PCC Admissions office. After you've completed 15 units of coursework at PCC, you can request a transcript evaluation with a counselor in the L building. 
61. Our counselors are here to help you choose your classes with new student group counseling if you are a first time college student or also in Counseling (L Building). If you are a continuing student, visit a counselor (L Building) or visit the Transfer Center (L Building) for help in planning your academic classes. Additionally, you can explore the Transfer Center's online resources to help you determine which PCC classes will transfer. 
62. PCC offers childcare that is available through the Child Development Center, located one block from campus at the corner of Green and Holliston Streets. Contact the center directly at (626)-585-3180 for more information. 
63. First, you will need to register for the class using the original CRN number at which point LancerPoint will ask you for your add code. Each CRN has its own add deadline. You can look this deadline up in the online schedule of classes by clicking on your CRN. The add code can only be used once, and it must be used before the last day to add for that specific CRN.
64. A great CS professor! The advisor of SHE.CODES Club!
65. I like All of the Pop-songs and raps, and I like to listen to classic music and jazz too. 
66. He's my boss, and I always wish him good luck for his future career on computer science and music:D...Don't tell him that I like you more than him... Haha:D jkjk
67. Aya..I would like to find one, but I need to spend more time helping others:)
68. I like watching movies all night long without falling asleep:P






